Dataset_1
It is important that, as a university sandwich-stand, we provide our students with a variety of sandwiches to choose from. The menu will depend on the day of the week, and the current weather. Whenever it's Monday, and the weather is rainy, vegetable sandwiches are to be made. On the other hand, if it's Monday and the weather appears to be sunny, then cheese sandwiches need to be made. If the day is Tuesday and the weather is rainy, herb sandwiches need to be prepared. On the other hand, in case of rainy weather on Tuesday, tomato sandwiches need to be made. Whenever the day is Wednesday and the weather is sunny, ceasar sandwiches need to be made. Further, if the day is Wednesday and the weather is rainy on the other hand, fish-salad sandwiches need to be made. Tuscany sandwiches need to be made when the day is Thursday and the weather is sunny. Tropical sandwiches need to made, whenever the day is Thursday and the weather is rainy. At last, whenever the day is Friday, and the weather is sunny, ham sandwiches need to be made. If the day is Friday and the weather is rainy on the other hand, egg-salad sandwiches need to be made.

Dataset_2
As insurance company, we focus ourselves on people up to the age of 50. In the following fragment, car insurance cost will be specified depending on age and whether the person was involved in an accident in the past. Firstly, if the person is in between 16 and 18 years of age, and the person was not involved in a car accident in the past, insurance cost is 600 Euros. However, if the person is between 16 and 18 years old and that person was involved in a car accident, insurance cost amounts to 800 euros. In case that a person is between 19 and 21 years old and was not involved in a car accident, car insurance costs 500 euros. If the person is between 19 and 21 years old and was involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 700 euros. If the person is between 22 and 29 years old, and was not involved in a car accident, insurance cost amounts to 450 euros. If the person is between 22 and 29 years of age, and was involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 600 euros. At last, if a person is between 28 and 50 years old, and was not involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 400 euros. When a person is between 28 and 50 years old, and was involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 550 euros.

Dataset_3
Our service level agreement is very strict. This passage explains how much euros should be charged extra in certain events. Whenever the customer is in the testing phase, and the customer's service request is a change request, the cost is 600 euros. If the customer is in the testing phase, and the service request is a bug, then 0 euros should be charged. We wouldn't want to charge bugs. Further, if the service request is a change request, and the phase is development, then 150 euros should be charged as cost. If the service request is a bug, and the phase is testing however, the customer should be charged a cost of 0 euros. Finally, if the customer is in the maintenance phase, and the service request is a change request, then the cost is 100. If the service request is a bug and the customer is in maintenance, then the cost should be 50 euros.

Dataset_4
As the NMBS, we need to be able to give students a great service. Some need to commute and have the right of having a special permit. It's very simple, if the student needs to commute, then the student has right of a permit. On the other hand, if the student does not need to commute, then the student has no right of a permit.
