Dataset_1
It is important that, as a university sandwich-stand, we provide our students with a variety of sandwiches to choose from. The menu will depend on the day of the week, and the current weather. Whenever it's Monday, and the weather is rainy, vegetable sandwiches are to be made. On the other hand, if it's Monday and the weather appears to be sunny, then cheese sandwiches need to be made. If the day is Tuesday and the weather is rainy, herb sandwiches need to be prepared. On the other hand, in case of rainy weather on Tuesday, tomato sandwiches need to be made. Whenever the day is Wednesday and the weather is sunny, ceasar sandwiches need to be made. Further, if the day is Wednesday and the weather is rainy on the other hand, fish-salad sandwiches need to be made. Tuscany sandwiches need to be made when the day is Thursday and the weather is sunny. Tropical sandwiches need to made, whenever the day is Thursday and the weather is rainy. At last, whenever the day is Friday, and the weather is sunny, ham sandwiches need to be made. If the day is Friday and the weather is rainy on the other hand, egg-salad sandwiches need to be made.

Dataset_2
As insurance company, we focus ourselves on people up to the age of 50. In the following fragment, car insurance cost will be specified depending on age and whether the person was involved in an accident in the past. Firstly, if the person is in between 16 and 18 years of age, and the person was not involved in a car accident in the past, insurance cost is 600 Euros. However, if the person is between 16 and 18 years old and that person was involved in a car accident, insurance cost amounts to 800 euros. In case that a person is between 19 and 21 years old and was not involved in a car accident, car insurance costs 500 euros. If the person is between 19 and 21 years old and was involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 700 euros. If the person is between 22 and 29 years old, and was not involved in a car accident, insurance cost amounts to 450 euros. If the person is between 22 and 29 years of age, and was involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 600 euros. At last, if a person is between 28 and 50 years old, and was not involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 400 euros. When a person is between 28 and 50 years old, and was involved in a car accident, insurance cost is 550 euros.

Dataset_3
Our service level agreement is very strict. This passage explains how much euros should be charged extra in certain events. Whenever the customer is in the testing phase, and the customer's service request is a change request, the cost is 600 euros. If the customer is in the testing phase, and the service request is a bug, then 0 euros should be charged. We wouldn't want to charge bugs. Further, if the service request is a change request, and the phase is development, then 150 euros should be charged as cost. If the service request is a bug, and the phase is testing however, the customer should be charged a cost of 0 euros. Finally, if the customer is in the maintenance phase, and the service request is a change request, then the cost is 100. If the service request is a bug and the customer is in maintenance, then the cost should be 50 euros.

Dataset_4
As the NMBS, we need to be able to give students a great service. Some need to commute and have the right of having a special permit. It's very simple, if the student needs to commute, then the student has right of a permit. On the other hand, if the student does not need to commute, then the student has no right of a permit.

Dataset_5
If the order is above 5 units, then a discount of 5% is given. A discount of 10% is given whenever the order exceeds 10 units. When the financial situation is good, the applicant risk rating is low. The risk rating is medium if the financial situation is moderate. The service request is a product change if the score is 10. In case that the score is 5, the service request is a bug.

Dataset_5
If the order is above 5 units, then a discount of 5% is given. A discount of 10% is given whenever the order exceeds 10 units. When the financial situation is good, the applicant risk rating is low. The risk rating is medium if the financial situation is moderate. The service request is a product change if the score is 10. In case that the score is 5, the service request is a bug.

Dataset_6
If the order is above 5 units and the day is Tuesday, then a discount of 5% is given. A discount of 10% is given whenever the order exceeds 10 units and the customer number begins with 5. When the financial situation is good and the loan is less than 1000 euro, the applicant risk rating is low. The risk rating is medium if the financial situation is moderate and the loan exceeds 1100 euro. The service request is a product change if the score is 10 and the amount of hours needed is 9. In case that the score is 5 and the estimated work time is less than 5 hours, the service request is a bug.

Dataset_7
If the order is above 5 units, the customer number starts with 0 and the day is Tuesday, then a discount of 5% is given. A discount of 10% is given whenever the order exceeds 10 units, it is weekend and the customer number begins with 5. When the financial situation is good, the customer has an income and the loan is less than 1000 euro, the applicant risk rating is low. The risk rating is medium if the financial situation is moderate, the customer has a business and the loan exceeds 1100 euro. The service request is a product change if the score is 10, the technical analysis was easy and the amount of hours needed is 9. In case that the score is 5, the technical analysis was difficult and the estimated work time is less than 5 hours, then the service request is a bug.

Dataset_8
If the order is above 5 units, the discount is 5%, otherwise the discount is 2%. A discount of 4% and otherwise 9% is given when the order exceeds 10 units. When the financial situation is good, the applicant risk rating is low, else it is high. If the financial situation is moderate, the risk level is medium and otherwise low. If the score is 10, the service request is a product change, otherwise it is a bug. In case that the score is 5, then the service request is a bug, otherwise it is a product change.

Dataset_9
Customers with a premium card should always be admitted to the lounge.
However, when the customer is a monthly subscriber, then he should receive a bottle of champagne.
When the order exceeds 200 units and the customer is a business, a discount of 10% applies.
A discount of 8% applies if the customer is a private entity.
When the uranium is low, add more energy.
If the car is not repairable, charge 10€ extra.
Send two mails to the customer if he has pays for a premium service.
In case that the stock runs out, replenish it on a monthly base.
The inventory should be counted every two days.
The inventory should be counted every three days whenever it's a holiday.
If it's weekend, count the inventory.
Give an extra discount if the customer has a membership card.
A promotion should be given every day of the week.
The customer should be greeted with a cup of coffee.
In case of bad weather, do not sell any icecream.
If the weather is sunny, sell icecream, else sell waffles.
If the computer has an anti-virus, remove it, otherwise install a new anti-virus.
In case of a robery, send police troops, otherwise send the police corps.
A computer should be repaired for free if the customer has a special status, else charge 10€.
If the student has bad marks and is suspended, remove the student from the database.
If the person is between 10 and 20 years old, he is permitted to the park, otherwise not.
The customer should be between 20 and 30 years old.
If the amount is between 20 and 30 units, give a discount.
The discount is 30% if the customer is 10 years old.
The discount is always 3%.
